hi everyone today we are going to use
apricot seeds for our skin apricot seeds
can be consumed raw or ground into a
powder for adding in soups vegetables
curries through juice or a serial this
crap gives us a glowing skin in just
three to five minutes it exfoliates your
skin removing whiteheads blackheads and
living dead cells thus rejuvenating your
skin you can apply the scrub every day
or alternate days and see a difference
in chest seven to ten days
this crop can be even applied as a
moisturizer to your dry areas like your
elbows knees feed enhance it makes your
skin ultra soft and smooth so let's
begin you need a teaspoon of apricot
seeds add in a tablespoon of milk into
that and mix it well
scrub it into your skin gently
especially where you're prone to
whiteheads and blackheads scrub that
area gently
you can even apply the scrub to
exfoliate another show on drum snake
hands in short your whole body
you
as we have included milk in the scrub
milk whitens and moisturizes your skin
so this crab helps in reducing pan
this crab has done no harm to me but it
isn't necessary it should suit your skin
to everyone skin is unique so always do
a patch test before applying it on your
face and yes babies if it does not suit
you I am no ways liable
after three to five minutes when the
scrub is dried up wet your fingers and
massage the scrub
wash your face with plain water be
careful it should not get into your eyes
pat it dry with a clean towel
this crap made my skin so glowy glowy
and soft I recommend this crap to
everyone who has even oily skin goes to
some extent this crap made my skin a
little dry for combination skin this
does wonders oh my god see I feel so
soft